slap every been talking here and this is
my first video V of all time reviewing
rock band for the week let's just watch
this great intro
yes
rock band has indeed arrived for the
wind
with everything that but you need to
start this game out with oh wait did I
say everything what I meant was almost
everything the game has no creative
character mode no online mode no World
Tour mode
well there's banter mode without World
Tour mode now before we get started on
the review let's let's review the
controls let's discuss is it guitar look
at this beautiful body you know you want
it alright the whammy bar one of those
famous things to use yeah but you gotta
be careful with it cuz yeah that
happened to me I learned so I'm gonna
fix it soon anyway and this this button
is chief yeah or you can use this jump
bar which is used to strum the notes
which you use this for these buttons or
you can use these things if you want
journey guitar solos you just press
these buttons without strumming yeah but
it's I choose to strum anyway and -
button is used to for star power or
overdrive as they call it I like to call
it star power or overdrive yeah this can
be used to change the sound of your
guitar went over drives in progress or
during guitar solos and the plus button
is to pause to make sure your guitars
working this comes on and don't forget
to this
on and off button can you see it all
right moving on drums
you know yep
very famous yeah but answer like
the Wii remotes but it's like a b12 plus
- up and down yeah yeah you can get you
can get symbols for this on Mad Catz
calm but now you have to get the rock
band - drumset sorry
and there's the can you lift it down
please thank you the foot pedal I like
to use a bare foot because it could snap
off really hard if you wear our shoes
yep so that's the drums now for the
microphone nothing special no buttons
use the Wii row instead don't think
special oh is that as a rock band logo
on it sexy huh you know you want it
again
they gotta same time
mama
and for all you people out
they got the rolling stock
while it's dedicated character each song
like digital fans of computerized
characters background but they may
perform different songs at sometimes
like oh look it's an emo band performing
it's crazy the Stone Age
wait hold on a second they're
disembarking throw in the flow now
they're performing when you're young
whoa this voice has changed a lot what
Ella performing main offender by the
hive
is crazier than ever
late that was performing the hand that
be
this crazy that guys boys how can you
change it like that
they don't look so email now performing
this song
my company because in that cell thank
you
there's one thing you should know in
this thing when there are dots right
here that means it gotta shake it like
this or hit like this or go like this I
can't do it yeah that means they're
shaking a tambourine or cowbell
I need more cowbell us to discuss to
remote that's my name
I'm Joey it's like when they're finished
with the World Tour mode band two
remotes not even called World Tour mode
yeah I started playing on medium yeah
it's like Easter these are bonus songs
you can get if you play all the songs
and banter mode you get all the songs on
the list
and but it's like the final act and it's
99999 faceless rocked that means that
this is the final song and it's the
hardest song it's the hardest songs on
guitar and drums microphone is there's
different difficulties I'm not good with
words but okay well yeah I've into
remote kinda sex because it's like
playing free play mode it's like playing
quick play mode just with the name
nothing else so to conclude this review
rock band is not a bad game I mean if
you like if you really want girl fans be
for me
like it'd get this game really I mean it
was good better I mean I mean it already
is better rock band 2 just came out so
it has all the stuff that this game
doesn't so yeah
wow this game is just an awesome game I
love it so much so so now the real
question is
the answer is stay this game gets a 4
out of 5
wait time review rock band 2 it'll be
awesome